README.md, before:

# Development

## Once-off / setup

1. `mix ecto.reset`
3. Register with a username/password.  I've got one in the `assets/frontend/awesomebar.spec.js` file, if I recall correctly…

## Ongoing

Run `mix phx.server`.  Elm will be compiled to JS when it can be.

Adding a new data structure on the DB side?  Use `mix phx.gen.json`; see [Phx.Mix.Gen](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/1.7.11/Mix.Tasks.Phx.Gen.html).  Examples:

- `mix phx.gen.json Data Task tasks text:string status:enum:active:complete:ignored`

# Testing

Within `assets/frontend`:
- `mocha tests/awesomebar.spec.js`
- `npx elm-test`
From root:
- `mix test` (currently failing a bunch of the autogenerated ones)

# Database

```
//// https://dbdiagram.io/d

Table timey.user {
  id int [pk]
  email string
  password string
  hashed_password string
  confirmed_at datetime
}

Table timey.task {
  id int [pk]
  // within text, we can have:
  // - description
  // - duration
  // - when
  text string
  status timey.task_status
  created_at datetime
  user_id int
}

Table timey.comments {
  id int [pk]
  task_id int
  text string
  created_at datetime
  comment_reason timey.comment_reason
}

// Creating references
// You can also define relaionship separately
// > many-to-one; < one-to-many; - one-to-one; <> many-to-many
Ref: timey.task.id < timey.comments.task_id
Ref: timey.user.id < timey.task.user_id

Enum timey.comment_reason {
  justify_ignored
  more_info
}

Enum timey.task_status {
  active
  complete
  ignored
}
```

# Inputs handled

From: https://w3c.github.io/input-events/#interface-InputEvent-Attributes

```
inputType                       User's expression of intention    Part of IME composition   beforeinput cancelable    State of selection
✅"insertText"                    insert typed plain text 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"insertReplacementText"         replace existing text by means of a spell checker, auto-correct or similar 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertLineBreak" 	            insert a line break 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertParagraph" 	            insert a paragraph break 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertOrderedList" 	          insert a numbered list 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertUnorderedList" 	        insert a bulleted list 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertHorizontalRule" 	        insert a horizontal rule 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertFromYank" 	              replace the current selection with content stored in a kill buffer 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertFromDrop" 	              insert content by means of drop 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"insertFromPaste" 	            paste content from clipboard or paste image from client provided image library 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertFromPasteAsQuotation" 	  paste content from the clipboard as a quotation 	No 	Yes 	Any
⁉️"insertTranspose" 	            transpose the last two [=grapheme cluster=]. that were entered 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"insertCompositionText" 	      replace the current composition string 	Yes 	No 	Any
❌"insertLink" 	                  insert a link 	No 	Yes 	Any
⁉️"deleteWordBackward" 	          delete a word directly before the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
⁉️"deleteWordForward" 	          delete a word directly after the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteSoftLineBackward" 	      delete from the caret to the nearest visual line break before the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteSoftLineForward" 	      delete from the caret to the nearest visual line break after the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteEntireSoftLine" 	        delete from to the nearest visual line break before the caret position to the nearest visual line break after the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteHardLineBackward" 	      delete from the caret to the nearest beginning of a block element or br element before the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteHardLineForward" 	      delete from the caret to the nearest end of a block element or br element after the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteByDrag" 	                remove content from the DOM by means of drag 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"deleteByCut" 	                remove the current selection as part of a cut 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"deleteContent" 	              delete the selection without specifying the direction of the deletion and this intention is not covered by another inputType 	No 	Yes 	Non-collapsed
✅"deleteContentBackward" 	      delete the content directly before the caret position and this intention is not covered by another inputType or delete the selection with the selection collapsing to its start after the deletion 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"deleteContentForward" 	        delete the content directly after the caret position and this intention is not covered by another inputType or delete the selection with the selection collapsing to its end after the deletion 	No 	Yes 	Any
⁉️"historyUndo" 	                undo the last editing action 	No 	Yes 	Any
⁉️"historyRedo" 	                to redo the last undone editing action 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatBold" 	                  initiate bold text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatItalic" 	                initiate italic text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatUnderline" 	            initiate underline text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatStrikeThrough" 	        initiate stricken through text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatSuperscript" 	          initiate superscript text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatSubscript" 	            initiate subscript text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatJustifyFull" 	          make the current selection fully justified 	No 	❌Yes 	Any
❌"formatJustifyCenter" 	        center align the current selection 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatJustifyRight" 	          right align the current selection 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatJustifyLeft" 	          left align the current selection 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatIndent" 	                indent the current selection 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatOutdent" 	              outdent the current selection 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatRemove" 	                remove all formatting from the current selection 	❌No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatSetBlockTextDirection"   set the text block direction 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatSetInlineTextDirection"  set the text inline direction 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatBackColor" 	            change the background color 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatFontColor" 	            change the font color 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatFontName" 	              change the font-family 	No 	Yes 	Any
```

Commit message:

Amnesia should work now.  Not tested in anger in the actual app, but via IEx instead.

README.md, after:

# Development

## Once-off / setup

From the root of the umbrella project,

1. `mix ecto.reset`
2. `mix amnesia.create -d Database --disk`

## Ongoing

Run `mix phx.server`.  Elm will be compiled to JS when it can be.

Adding a new data structure on the DB side?  Use `mix phx.gen.json`; see [Phx.Mix.Gen](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/1.7.11/Mix.Tasks.Phx.Gen.html).  Examples:

- `mix phx.gen.json Data Task tasks text:string status:enum:active:complete:ignored`

# Testing

Within `assets/frontend`:
- `mocha tests/awesomebar.spec.js`
- `npx elm-test`
From root:
- `mix test` (currently failing a bunch of the autogenerated ones)

# Database

```
//// https://dbdiagram.io/d

Table timey.user {
  id int [pk]
  email string
  password string
  hashed_password string
  confirmed_at datetime
}

Table timey.task {
  id int [pk]
  // within text, we can have:
  // - description
  // - duration
  // - when
  text string
  status timey.task_status
  created_at datetime
  user_id int
}

Table timey.comments {
  id int [pk]
  task_id int
  text string
  created_at datetime
  comment_reason timey.comment_reason
}

// Creating references
// You can also define relaionship separately
// > many-to-one; < one-to-many; - one-to-one; <> many-to-many
Ref: timey.task.id < timey.comments.task_id
Ref: timey.user.id < timey.task.user_id

Enum timey.comment_reason {
  justify_ignored
  more_info
}

Enum timey.task_status {
  active
  complete
  ignored
}
```

# Inputs handled

From: https://w3c.github.io/input-events/#interface-InputEvent-Attributes

```
inputType                       User's expression of intention    Part of IME composition   beforeinput cancelable    State of selection
✅"insertText"                    insert typed plain text 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"insertReplacementText"         replace existing text by means of a spell checker, auto-correct or similar 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertLineBreak" 	            insert a line break 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertParagraph" 	            insert a paragraph break 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertOrderedList" 	          insert a numbered list 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertUnorderedList" 	        insert a bulleted list 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertHorizontalRule" 	        insert a horizontal rule 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertFromYank" 	              replace the current selection with content stored in a kill buffer 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertFromDrop" 	              insert content by means of drop 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"insertFromPaste" 	            paste content from clipboard or paste image from client provided image library 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"insertFromPasteAsQuotation" 	  paste content from the clipboard as a quotation 	No 	Yes 	Any
⁉️"insertTranspose" 	            transpose the last two [=grapheme cluster=]. that were entered 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"insertCompositionText" 	      replace the current composition string 	Yes 	No 	Any
❌"insertLink" 	                  insert a link 	No 	Yes 	Any
⁉️"deleteWordBackward" 	          delete a word directly before the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
⁉️"deleteWordForward" 	          delete a word directly after the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteSoftLineBackward" 	      delete from the caret to the nearest visual line break before the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteSoftLineForward" 	      delete from the caret to the nearest visual line break after the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteEntireSoftLine" 	        delete from to the nearest visual line break before the caret position to the nearest visual line break after the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteHardLineBackward" 	      delete from the caret to the nearest beginning of a block element or br element before the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteHardLineForward" 	      delete from the caret to the nearest end of a block element or br element after the caret position 	No 	Yes 	Collapsed
❌"deleteByDrag" 	                remove content from the DOM by means of drag 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"deleteByCut" 	                remove the current selection as part of a cut 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"deleteContent" 	              delete the selection without specifying the direction of the deletion and this intention is not covered by another inputType 	No 	Yes 	Non-collapsed
✅"deleteContentBackward" 	      delete the content directly before the caret position and this intention is not covered by another inputType or delete the selection with the selection collapsing to its start after the deletion 	No 	Yes 	Any
✅"deleteContentForward" 	        delete the content directly after the caret position and this intention is not covered by another inputType or delete the selection with the selection collapsing to its end after the deletion 	No 	Yes 	Any
⁉️"historyUndo" 	                undo the last editing action 	No 	Yes 	Any
⁉️"historyRedo" 	                to redo the last undone editing action 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatBold" 	                  initiate bold text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatItalic" 	                initiate italic text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatUnderline" 	            initiate underline text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatStrikeThrough" 	        initiate stricken through text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatSuperscript" 	          initiate superscript text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatSubscript" 	            initiate subscript text 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatJustifyFull" 	          make the current selection fully justified 	No 	❌Yes 	Any
❌"formatJustifyCenter" 	        center align the current selection 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatJustifyRight" 	          right align the current selection 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatJustifyLeft" 	          left align the current selection 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatIndent" 	                indent the current selection 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatOutdent" 	              outdent the current selection 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatRemove" 	                remove all formatting from the current selection 	❌No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatSetBlockTextDirection"   set the text block direction 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatSetInlineTextDirection"  set the text inline direction 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatBackColor" 	            change the background color 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatFontColor" 	            change the font color 	No 	Yes 	Any
❌"formatFontName" 	              change the font-family 	No 	Yes 	Any
```
